cascada is the name of opel's youngest
Hope with the car builder
wants to make up for it in the markets
Here comes one who plays the fan card
And that's what convertibles stand for
no other vehicle maintenance with that
cascada is an optical opel
appealing car succeeded in the
tradition of prestigious convertibles
remembers the brand
already in the 50s and 60s
its a name
middle-graders measure four meters
seventy serves all four riders with
neat place and that also applies to
the legs offer good lateral support
The materials are ready in the seats
program are all extras on the
cabriofahrer may not give up
want from the leather upholstery is to
steering wheel heating or ventilated
sit
the most important thing is the hood in 17
seconds can be the open pleasure
start at the push of a button until
Tempo 50 for luggage will remain then
280 liters is the fabric lid on it
there are 100 behind me
not always in the open-air group
Of course, that is pleasant
noise can surprise the
new 1.6 liter turbo gasoline with his
inconspicuous way of working and his
170 ps with which he 17 tons
heavy cascada even in the bottom
speed range this finally forward
drives
you decide on the sport mode
it goes quickly to the point
in total there are three petrol and two petrol engines
diesel with capacity from 1 4 to 2 liters
to the railway the power range reaches from
120 to 195 hp the fastest cascada
reaches a top speed of
230 km h
here the data again in the overview
Conclusion with the cascada comes a car
the market the niche in the niche
Serves a convertible in the format of a
middle class to praise a compact
class is offered a trump the
opel plays with the entry price
from 25.000 945 euro there is a lot here
open car for the money